GCSS-A Software Developer - Java/C#

Cepeda Systems and Software Analysis, Inc. (CSSA) provides software engineering, systems engineering, and process improvement services for our customers.  CSSA has achieved a rating of Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) Level 2 for Services and CMMI Level 3 for Development. We have a 100% customer satisfaction rating and have won numerous awards at the local and national level. We treat one another with respect, foster collaboration while maintaining individual accountability, value multiple perspectives and diverse expertise, and encourage new ideas that surface throughout the organization. CSSA offers a comprehensive and competitive benefits package.

Job Description

The Global Combat Support System-Army will ultimately replace several aging and outdated Army management information systems across tactical logistics environments within the Army's Active and Reserve components as well as the National Guard. We are seeking SAP and Aviation logistics experienced professionals to create new logistics automation capabilities for the US Army within the GCSS ERP system, which is based on SAP. Tasks will include performing software analysis, design and development according to existing coding standards and guidelines.

Key Responsibilities  

Provide software engineering support to the U.S. Army Software Engineering Directorate
Work as part of a team that is designing and developing software applications to enhance Army aviation maintenance, operations, safety and training activities
Performing software analysis, design and development according to existing coding standards and guidelines.
Interpret and analyze requirements obtained/derived from customer; review, verify and/or validate system specifications and other design-related documentation
Education Requirements            

B.S. degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering or related area; four additional years of experience may be considered in lieu of a degree.

Experience        

2-5 years of experience developing software in Java and C#
Experience with Visual Studio 2013/2015
Proficient in C#, with a good knowledge of its ecosystems
Familiarity with the .NET framework
Strong understanding of object- oriented programming
Windows Presentation Framework (WPF / XAML)
Microsoft SQL Server
Creating database schemas that represent and support business processes
Web services and protocols (SOAP, REST, WebAPI)
Java, JavaScript / ECMA Script
JQuery
HTML 4/5 and CSS
Experience with security frameworks and practices
Knowledge of Army Aviation systems is desired, in particular the Aircraft Notebook (ACN) FoS.
Knowledge & Skills     

Knowledge of principles related to software development using C# and Java
Working knowledge of object-oriented programming principles and design patterns
Working knowledge of UML and XML
Skilled in problem solving and debugging
Working knowledge of configuration-driven development
Excellent organizational and communication skills (verbal and written)
Candidate should be self-motivated and able to multi-task
Ability to adapt to changing situations and requirements
Candidate must possess problem solving and analytical skills
Ability to work in team environments, as well as individually
Candidate must be self-motivated, reliable, dependable, and flexible
US Citizenship is required

Must be able to obtain or have an Active Security Clearance

Apply at: https://cepedasystems.applicantpro.com/jobs/595435.html
